W-15428118-Accelerator for Service Cloud (#112)
mulesoft/docs-accelerators: service-cloud/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/cim-mappings.adoc

= Object Mappings

> == Customer profile sync

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Customer Profile Sync
```

> === Source-type mappings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Source-Type Mappings
```

> The following table summarizes how representations of a customer or individual from each system will be mapped to CIM types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows how customers or individuals from each system are mapped to CIM types:
```

> [%header%autowidth.spread]

Reviewer: check table formatting

|===
| Source System | Source Type | CIM Types | Mapping Notes

| Salesforce

> Service Cloud | Person Accounts | Individual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service Cloud | Person Accounts | * Individual
```

> CustomerContactAddress

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* CustomerContactAddress
```

> Contact Email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Email
```

> Contact Phone | Person Account is represented as record type, mapping to Account and Contact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Phone | A Person Account is represented as a record type that maps to Account and Contact.
```

> | SAP | Customer | IndividualCustomer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SAP | Customer | * IndividualCustomer
```

> Contact Address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Address
```

> Contact Email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Email
```

> Contact Phone |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Phone |
```

|===

> === Target-type mappings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Target-Type Mappings
```

> The following table summarizes how representations of a customer or individual from each system will be mapped from CIM types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows how customers or individuals from each system are mapped to CIM types:
```

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===
| Target System | CIM Type | Target Types | Mapping Notes

| Salesforce

> Service Cloud | CustomerIndividual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Service Cloud | * CustomerIndividual
```

> Contact Address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Address
```

> Contact Email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Email
```

> Contact Phone | PersonAccounts | Relevant fields only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Phone | PersonAccounts | Relevant fields only
```

> | SAP | CustomerIndividual

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SAP | * CustomerIndividual
```

> Contact Address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Address
```

> Contact Email

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Email
```

> Contact Phone | Customer | Relevant fields only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Contact Phone | Customer | Relevant fields only
```

|===

== See Also 

> * xref:prerequisites.adoc[Prerequisites]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:prerequisites.adoc[Before You Begin]
```
